Peach

Peach is an installable porn app for findom & femdom

FEED
Goddesses will be able to install the app, post videos to a scrollable TikTok feed, and monetize their videos through microtransactions.
Goddesses will be able to add high-quality AR filters to their face, if they wish, to hide their identity.
Subs will have the following options on each video: Request to be friends, Like (S,M,L for $x), or "Unmask" for ~x0,000 to see without the AR filter.
Goddesses will have the option to allow the Unmasking feature on their videos.
Subs will scroll the Feed & Rooms and try to befriend Goddesses.
User types will be explained below.

ROOMS
Additionally, there will be a Chatroulette / Clubhouse tab called Rooms, were Goddesses can have small audio/video rooms with their subs and fans.
Rooms features will evolve over time and will not include customization, monetization, or other features to start.
Today, rooms will be built to have 4 users, and as one user exits or skips, another users will get added to the Room. 
Rooms will be audio-only by default, with the option to mute/unmute, or turn on/off your video. It's a sysnthis of Clubhouse and Omegle/Chatroulette.

POST
The post tab will mirror the Snapchat experience.
Record live, decide if you add a filter, post or delete. That's all for now.

MESSAGES
There will be a messages tab for users to manage their messages.
You can only message the users who accept you as a friend.
Can we implement messaging using the Signal protocol?

FRIEND REQUESTS
Basically just a sorted list of friend requests, with whether they Liked (tributed) or not.
Tributed requests will be at the top of the sort.

USERS
When a user installs the PWA, they will be in "Ghost Mode" by default, and assigned a UID and random six alphanumeric character username.
In the app on the Friend Requests tab there will be a Menu and menu option to "Save" your profile by making a four digit pin.
The session for the UID should stay valid as long as the app is installed.
If the users uninstalls the PWA and does not set a pin, the account data will be lost.
